What Is E-Waste?
Wasteful computer components that are hard to recycle
Unused electricity in computers
Computers that are destroyed because they are too bad to be used

What is ONE of the 4 PC Commandments?
Thou shall not use a computer to harm other people
Thou shall not use a computer for YouTube
You will not eat while on your PC

What act was made in 1998?
The Data Protection Act
The Copyright Infringment Act
The Peaceful PC Act of 1998

What Does the Digital Economy Act 2010 Cover?
It covers Software Piracy
The use of Bitcoins
It covers how secure services like Paypal, and Skrill are on the internet

What Is TechnoTrash?
Wasted computer components
Counter Strike: Global Offensive
A bad PC

What services do drones not do?
Put out fires
Delivery
Surveillance

What is copyright?
The exclusive and assignable legal right, given to the originator for a fixed number of years, to print, publish, perform, film, or record literary, artistic, or musical material.
The right to copy and paste
An exclusive legal right for any person to be able to copy a information from the internet

Why was the Data protection Act passed?
To help protect people's personal information.
To stop hackers
To help people who have just started using computers.

What is an advantage of open source software?
Free to use
The quality is guaranteed to be good
Competitors can access the code

What are the advantages of closed source software?
The quality is guaranteed to be good
Free to use
Competiters can access the code

How long does copyright last?
70 years after the death of creator
50 years after the death of creator
The creators life time
However long you wish
What is the Data Protection Act?
It aims to protect the rights of the owners of the data.
It makes it easier for data to be accessed.
It means the government can access your data.

The Data protection Act of 1998 states that...
Data should be secure and well protected
Data can be passed on to companies
Data can be stored as long as the data holder wants
Data does not need to be up to date
When was the Copyright Designs and Patents Act passed
1988
1987
1991
1989
How much will someone be fined if they break the Computer misuse act?
£2,000
£200
£9,000
£1,000
What is an advantage of Open Software?
Free to use
Easy to get hold of
Publicly available
Has risks
What is an advantage of Off-the-shelf Software?
Cheaper
More Expensive
Complicated
Isn't available straight away
What is an example of harming someone using a computer?
Hacking	
Viewing someones files
Logging into someone elses computer
Deleting a file on someones computer
What is an example of work covered by the Copyright Designs and Patents Act?
All of the other answers
Films
Broadcasts
Dramatic Work
When was the data protection act updated?
1998
1984
1991
1987
What is the problem with the disposal of computer compontents?
They are hard to recycle and require facilities to break them down
They are not biodegradable and require landfill sites
They are heavy metals.
They are expensive to build so should not be wasted.
What ethical issues do military drones break?
Thou shall not use a computer to harm people
Thou shall not use a computer to steal
Thou shall not use a computer for AI
Thou shall not use a computer in ways that disrespect fellow humans.
How do computers help climate change?
All of the other answers
Computers can monitor Carbon emissions
Computers can allow for more advanced clean energy
Computers can help us predict weather changes
What was the freedom of information act?
Puplic authorities have to share information about their activities
Allows anyone/government to see your data
You can take other people's data
Data has rights too
Computer misuse act: what is it?
A law against using a computer for breaking the law and/or taking files without permission.
Using computers in the right manner
Stopping the improper selling of fraudulent computer components
Fair trade parts.
What is a Creative Commons Licence?
A license for something but you have to credit the user
When you can freely use something
A licence for artistic purposes
Licence to software in an online community
Why are drones controversial?
If something goes wrong who is to blame?
They are unmanned and shows that the operator is a weakling
They are an expensive alternative to a 2m selfy stick
They are annoying, slow monotonous, sounds that can give you a head ache.
Why has the Misuse Act failed?
It is very difficult to prove is someone has broken it.
Because it was written by old people who don't know anything about computers
It was too unspecific
Because hackers are mlg
Why is open source good?
Very adaptable and allow for collaboration on a wide scale.
Because anyone can do it.
It is not closed
Competitors can steal the code.
When was the Misuse Act passed?
1990
1945
2000
2009
What is good about closed source?
Competitors can't access code.
It can be cheaply made.
It is easily customised.
The company makes money.
Which ethical issue do military drones break?
Thou shalt not use a computer to harm others
Thou shalt not use a computer to steal
Thou shalt think about the social consequences of the program which you are designing
Thou shalt always use a computer in ways to ensure consideration and respect for your fellow humans
What is the problem with the disposal of computer components?
They require specialist facilities to recycle
They are non-biodegradable
They are expensive
They are made from heavy metals
How do computers affect climate change?
They can monitor and predict environmental change
They emit harmful gases
They are carbon neutral
They can extract greenhouse gases from the atmosphere
What was the Computer Misuse act created for?
To prevent computers from being hacked
To prevent computers from being used for nefarious means
To prevent people's work from being copied
To give more people access to computers
Why hasn't the Computer Misuse act worked very well?
It's hard to prove that someone has committed a crime
It isn't that severe
You can't prosecute people from abroad
People don't report violations
What is the Freedom of Information Act?
Government organisations have to reveal information when requested
It allows the government to spy on people
You can take other people's data
People can hack you
What does the Data Protection Act do?
Companies have to secure their data
Make it illegal to hack someone
The government can refuse freedom of information requests
You are responsible for your data's security - not the government
How long does copyright last?
70 years after the creators death
For life
30 years
10 years after the creators death
What is a Creative Commons License?
A license that enables the free distribution of a work
A license that prevents people from copying work
Stopping improper sale of work
The creator receives royalties for their work
What is an advantage of open source software?
It encourages collaboration of creators
It lets people sell someone elses creation
Competitors can access the code
The program needs to be adapted
What is an advantage of closed source software?
It prevents rivals from accessing code
It requires licensing
It can be adapted by many people
It's cheap
What is a disadvantage of bespoke software?
It costs a lot to develop
It is difficult to adapt
The quality and usability is not guaranteed
No per-user fees
When was the Copyright Designs and Patents Act passed?
1988
1978
2015
1990
